week 1: the summary shows shows a picture where the regression model only explains about 45% or less of the model is explained. In the first regression analysis it shows that there is only 45% correlation between amount spent by customers to the loyalty pints they earned. Also the "X" value shows that "y" value which is loyalty pints only change 33% of the spending. The Second analysis shows a similar picture regarding correlation between remuneration of a customer and the loyalty point earned. the F-stat value is lower than the threshold of 0.05 which means there is significance in the variation of the data. the third visual is even worse with all values very low thus showing that there the model is not much effective, and far more cleaning and analysis is required with different set of data and parameters. 

Week 4: From the plots created the sales trend is towards Nintendo gaming devices and particularly the DS and Wii, they have clocked sales of over 20 million worldwide with national and european sales also reflecting that trend. The devices made by Microsoft namely the XBox lags behind with fewer thatn 20 million units sold worldwode and is locked in competition with Play Station machines. Although they are doing well but PS and XBox machines are lagging behind and the reason are many fold. they are more complex offer more multiplayer capability and hence require good internet connection and are prone to hacking and outages in the network. Turtle Ganes will have to take all this into cognisance when they make games, perhaps make more for Nintendo devices. Attention should also be shown on the technology as far as Play Station is concerned as the older machines go tou, making games that can be played accross all PS devices is important as that will attract more customers who are cost conscious. 

Week 5: the company asked us to conduct a analysis to see the impact of sales per product. The analysis done showed a strong relation to all the sales figures and it was visible that any change in World Wide Sales had a striaght impact on the National Sales. The European sales also had the same effect on National Sales. The Graphs plotted to get a visual on the data showed the various games consoles being sold world wide and which were the most popular. It showed that Nintendo products were currently the most selling and that PalyStation Products were nto far behind, but XBox 360 lagged behind and that meant the compnay may have to shift its fovus on these products in terms fo development of games.
